README.md, before:

# YMDB - Your Movie DataBase

This React app connects to a MongoDB movie database using a [custom API](https://github.com/jamkerr/movie_api) to display movie and user data.

It's a bit like IMDB that requires a user account. And with a few fewer movies available...

## Screenshot

![A screenshot of the main movie view when a user is signed in](./screenshots/screenshot-main-movie-view.png)
## Build with Parcel

If you're running the app locally, you can build it with Parcel:
```
parcel src/index.html
```

## Technologies

This project uses the following technologies:

-   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>
- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" title="Redux toolkit" alt="Redux toolkit" width="40" height="40"/>
- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original-wordmark.svg" title="React-Bootstrap" alt="React-Bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/>
- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" title="MongoDB" alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40"/> (via https://github.com/jamkerr/movie_api)

Commit message:

6.5: Add link to live app in README

README.md, after:

# YMDB - Your Movie DataBase

This React app connects to a MongoDB movie database using a [custom API](https://github.com/jamkerr/movie_api) to display movie and user data.

It's a bit like IMDB that requires a user account. And with a few fewer movies available...

## Screenshot

![A screenshot of the main movie view when a user is signed in](./screenshots/screenshot-main-movie-view.png)

## Live app

Try the app out for yourself on the [live instance hosted on Netlify](https://ymdb.netlify.app)!
## Build with Parcel

If you're running the app locally, you can build it with Parcel:
```
parcel src/index.html
```

## Technologies

This project uses the following technologies:

-   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>
- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" title="Redux toolkit" alt="Redux toolkit" width="40" height="40"/>
- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original-wordmark.svg" title="React-Bootstrap" alt="React-Bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/>
- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" title="MongoDB" alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40"/> (via https://github.com/jamkerr/movie_api)
